[TT-7553] Update installing-tyk-operator.md (#2188)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-stack/tyk-operator/installing-tyk-operator.md

{{< toc >}}

> Tyk Operator is a Kubernetes controller that manage state of Tyk CRDs and reconcile changes with Tyk Gateway or Dashboard. Given Tyk Operator is a cluster-scoped resource, it should be deployed once for a cluster only. Below shows how you can configure Tyk Operator to connect to a Tyk Gateway or Dashboard. For advanced usage where you need to connect to separate Tyk installations or Organizations within the same cluster, see [Operator context](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-operator/blob/master/docs/operator_context.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Operator is a Kubernetes controller that manages state of Tyk CRDs and reconciles changes with Tyk Gateway or Dashboard. Given Tyk Operator is a cluster-scoped resource, it should be deployed once for a cluster only. Below shows how you can configure Tyk Operator to connect to a Tyk Gateway or Dashboard. For advanced usage where you need to connect to separate Tyk installations or Organizations within the same cluster, see [Operator context](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-operator/blob/master/docs/operator_context.md)
```
